The world is wide, and life is short. This lesson learned while traveling has driven my life; I have decided not to fear change.

As I found my interest in Computer Science at an early age, I chose to attend Korea Digital Media High School. However, my satisfaction in the school did not last long. I went to a hackathon where student developers gathered to hack. One of the teammates I randomly teamed up with was studying Computer Science at Columbia University. She told me about the great opportunities she had in the United States to further develop her career. Her words influenced me to immediately quit my Korean high school and move to a private school in Texas. After a year of studying, I realized that the school did not offer challenging courses that could fulfill my academic enthusiasm. Not wanting to limit my studies, I moved to Kansas Academy of Mathematics and Science, where students dually enroll in its affiliated university. In addition to taking college level courses, I participated in Mathematics seminars and Computer Science research projects with professors. Being classified as a high school student and a college student at the same time, I received several honors, including winning an English writing contest for undergraduate students and even winning an undergraduate student showcase at a regional Computer Science conference.

While pursuing my academic goals, I have gained practical experience in the field of Computer Science. It began with the development of Android applications. I published an application called "Taskbar 7," which behaves like a Windows Taskbar on Android. I earned over $8000 in a month from selling it. This led me to believe that being a developer is a lifelong occupation that can earn me a living for doing what I love. Over the next three years, I worked remotely as a freelance developer for seven companies. I expanded my experience by working on diverse projects in collaboration with senior developers, ranging from a battery management system to an online judge for programming problems.

Financial gain was the initial incentive for me to be a developer. My first open source project, though, changed my mind. The project is an online algorithm learning platform, named "Algorithm Visualizer." After I developed the prototype of the platform, I made it open source. More than thirty developers gratefully joined my project and added over fifty sample algorithms. I received numerous emails from instructors seeking permission to incorporate the platform into their classes as well as from students appreciating the work. The joy of witnessing the societal impacts of my contribution inspires me more profoundly than financial income does.

I have taught myself but have learned more collaboratively. Eager to meet other student developers, I participate in several programming contests and hackathons every semester. To keep up with the latest technologies, I periodically attend local developers conferences either as a participant or as a speaker. I also took the opportunity to attend renowned developers conferences, including DEVIEW 2013 and Google IO 2017. While being introduced to groundbreaking technologies, I enlarged my dream to be a part of technology pioneers like Google. My current full-time job has also taught me valuable lessons. I have remotely worked for ChapoRoyal during semesters, and as a part of the benefits package, I worked at the branches in Seoul, Korea, and Lyon, France, for six weeks each last summer. Our team highly respects every single member. We ourselves improve our working environment and set the direction of our projects through discussion. While feeling included, I practice collaborative development and gain global working experience.

My passion for cultivating my career as a developer has broadened my practical experience throughout my global journey. I now look forward to continuing this journey in college to attain profound theoretical understandings of Computer Science.